docs: include aws oidc in integration list (#48432)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/management/guides/guides.mdx

tasks in your cluster. These guides describe Teleport integrations that are not
documented elsewhere:

>   - [AWS OIDC Integration with Teleport](awsoidc-integration.mdx). How
>     to setup AWS OIDC Integration to allow Teleport to interact with AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [AWS OIDC Integration with Teleport](awsoidc-integration.mdx). How
    to set up the AWS OIDC integration to allow Teleport to interact with AWS.
```
Grammar fixes
